REFACTOR-#4513: Fix spelling mistakes in docs and docstrings (#4514)
modin-project/modin: docs/index.rst

> To use Modin, you do not need to know how many cores your system has and you do not need

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is not necessary to know in advance the available hardware resources in order to use Modin. Additionally, it is not necessary to specify how to distribute or place data.
```

> to specify how to distribute the data. In fact, you can continue using your previous

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modin acts as a drop-in replacement for pandas, which means that you can continue using your previous
```

> pandas notebooks while experiencing a considerable speedup from Modin, even on a single

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pandas notebooks, *unchanged*, while experiencing a considerable speedup thanks to Modin, even on a single
```
